Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, we are seeing Lisa
Dr. Belis Aladag: Williams and there was no unusual activity on her cures.
Lisa’s iPhone: Hello, Dr.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I, how are you
Lisa’s iPhone: Right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi, Lisa.
Lisa’s iPhone: Hi, Doug.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How are you feeling
Lisa’s iPhone: I adopted and Diana doctor
Dr. Belis Aladag: Why, what happened.
Lisa’s iPhone: Oh my, we don't. My husband was the pain.
Dr. Belis Aladag: feet and hands are just in pain.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes, all my body or my these last 10 days after then she'd been waking up in tears.
Lisa’s iPhone: Crying like like never before. She'd been a lot of pain.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know,
Lisa’s iPhone: Now, we don't know. We don't know. And because of the the medication that they didn't. They didn't that the developer. So running for so long that was helping her
Lisa’s iPhone: How she feels like
Lisa’s iPhone: She looks like somebody we need to watch like that. And that's it's not it's not good for not
Lisa’s iPhone: As
Dr. Belis Aladag: Terrible. I'm so sorry. I mean, it sounds to me like the variable. The only thing that changed was the medication was removed. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, so I would, I'm guessing that's the reason you know that that was holding a lot of the pain, I guess.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then coming out, they
Lisa’s iPhone: Control the it was
Lisa’s iPhone: It. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: Let me shoot for the buddy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now have you spoken in the last couple of days, two weeks. Have you talked to the doctor who used to give you that medication. The apologists
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know I wondering if you can contact her
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm gonna find my records.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I have my notes from we spoke before, but I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: You. I think that it's important to contact that physician to say hey you know you took away this thing, which is good. It was it was it was, you know, going to lower your immune system. We talked about that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And she thought you were having side effects, but you can tell you know you can ask her. Okay. But, you know, is there something that's less dangerous that I could be on that does similar anti inflammatory, anti inflammation work, you know,
Lisa’s iPhone: Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Lisa. It was the doctor.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, the doctor right
Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Today are Dr.
Dr. Belis Aladag: ganz that was Dr chahal
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, Dr. Show Hall you. That's the person that's helping you with the arthritis and that was helping the inflammation. So when she took Dan's away your inflammation probably came back, which is why you're feeling in your hands a lot in your feet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I think you need to contact her office and say Dr show Hall, you know, since the Belgians went away my inflammation is back. What can I do, is there any other medication.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, to try it for me and different. Yeah. Like we mean examples away something that that little less side effects that many
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, similar but less
Dr. Belis Aladag: Dangerous or you know what I mean, something that does something similar.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think because that is a rheumatoid arthritis type of drug and that's sounds like the arthritis is what's flaring
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we need doctor show halls input.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so yeah. Do you know how to contact her and everything.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes. Okay. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so please let's do that as soon as possible to get in touch with her because maybe you could even do a telephone visit with her if she can't do in person because of the quarantine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe you guys can do a phone visit, just to talk about it and say, Okay, what else can we do and you know
Lisa’s iPhone: Set on her.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, because sometimes you leave a message and the nurses, get the message and they never get back. You know what I mean, maybe it's better to say I really
Lisa’s iPhone: Want to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Talk it harder.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In a visit. Make a telephone
Lisa’s iPhone: Over here is very large, they, they tell you, they'll call you. They don't call it for weeks and then you call back and say it's it's
Lisa’s iPhone: Like to be really, really, to talk to somebody takes about four days and
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's just such a big but but one tip I have for you is from the get go say that you want a telephone visit with the doctors like
Dr. Belis Aladag: We want an official appointment with the doctor a phone appointment. See, and if she's if they said, Well, no, she's not doing those say
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, then I leave a message and I need her to call me back.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But start with the visit request because then there, they might take it a little more serious.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, boy. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So okay, so last time your, your pain was starting to get bad and we increase the, the, we added the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Show the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Patch.
Lisa’s iPhone: Did the patch coming in, then among
Lisa’s iPhone: The pharmacy.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, I don't feel comfortable. I'm going to give you this comeback and when I went to there was like 60 people there. It was so scary. I even changed pharmacist sends them. I'm not even going to that pharmacist, no more.
Lisa’s iPhone: So right now what we're gonna do is we're going to change the pharmacists.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then everything I already talked to the pharmacy there. I haven't changed my medication that I take my normal stuff I stay there, too, because it's getting really bad at Walgreens, and all the one with all my friends and family are all saying the same thing.
Lisa’s iPhone: Anything. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're going to change that. Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes. And then this guy will he says that He'll. He'll take care of Lisa. Does he know there for a long time. He used to hold on pharmacy here.
Lisa’s iPhone: And I need to close down for three years and we opened on the one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so what is the pharmacy. Let me put that in here so that we have in
Lisa’s iPhone: The pharmacy is family pharmacy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Pharmacy was it. Can you give me a zip code.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, search yeah family farm masia familia.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay yes in Modesto
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your favorite
Lisa’s iPhone: It's on total number of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Rows landing road.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes 727 check the phone number.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the phone number is 209-566-9956
Correct.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome. So I mean, you're
Lisa’s iPhone: Just
Dr. Belis Aladag: New pharmacy. Okay, so that pharmacy, do you think will give you the medication you need the cash. Yes, if they have a question. If the pharmacist is like, oh, this is a weird
Lisa’s iPhone: Why are you getting supposedly she tried to contact you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Really
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, that's what they told me that that she wanted to contact you. Because I told her. The reason why because I I told her the doctor doctor wanted to raise
Lisa’s iPhone: She will we're talking about raising the doses, but of celebrating those who were trying to patch us even helps her. So she said, Yeah, I understand. But
Lisa’s iPhone: Let me speak to her. I'm going to speak to today, and then tomorrow I call back the next day. I'm like, no little thing. So that's I'm just telling you, I had a little arguing with them to like
Lisa’s iPhone: You guys don't care about you because you had another thing that's the situation. You guys are not in pain. That's why you don't care. But it's not supposed to be like that.
Lisa’s iPhone: It's not, that's why.
Lisa’s iPhone: That's why I changed it all the pharmacists and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get the right thing because it's just not right when I prescribed something, you know, it's like they need to make sure
Lisa’s iPhone: Sure that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Safe, but they need to call and make it happen. No one our staffs if they had called our staff would have answered and explained, but
Lisa’s iPhone: We got because
Lisa’s iPhone: Because that's what i because you've seen it was it was starting to get aggressive for pain. So you knew what you were doing.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then you did what you had to do. And then they didn't do it because he maybe if she would have that she wouldn't be related crying, almost all day long time she feels better when she sleeps in that's hardly to sleep because independent surcharge for to sleep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so sorry. Okay, so we're going to try this. So we're going to do two things we're going to increase the dose of the top
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we're going to do run
Dr. Belis Aladag: Instead of one half and one we will do one one in one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, we'll do that and I'll do the patch again, but this time patch patch and it's a patch that you were for one week and it should help it should help a lot.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, the this is the whole thing. They asked me about the patch, because I don't know if it wasn't specifically written right how to use it. That was one of the other things as they said that you wanted. You wanted to give her. I think
Lisa’s iPhone: They thought it was one day and I get that input one per week. I said no to one per week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: One per week. Yeah, so I will
Dr. Belis Aladag: I, yeah, I wrote that on the script. It says
Lisa’s iPhone: You then and yeah and my pharmacist wanted to know what milligram was the patches, because we can order them for her, she's going to have them the next eight
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I had originally thought I'd give the 10 micrograms, which is the smaller one. Should I think we need to go up to the higher one. I don't
I
Lisa’s iPhone: Think is but as of today.
Lisa’s iPhone: Like I said, these doctors over here. I promise you that. And, and, and I know that we've already got don't know but I can take her to all her doctors anywhere. She has to go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: But these doctors over here are very hard to talk
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's, let's do the higher dose, then. Okay. And if it's too much you can lower your tablets, because you have the tablets. We're going to do 111 if you were the patch and the tablet and it just feel a role too much. Go to half a tablet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or high blood that's kind of will adjust it.
Lisa’s iPhone: Thank you. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, lower the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Too much lower the pill. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, three times a day still
Dr. Belis Aladag: But we're going to do 111
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then the patch on top for one week. Each patch. Okay, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll give you extras like the higher strength. So we don't have to go back and forth so many times it's so it will be the 20 microgram dose. The 20 micrograms view trans
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm prescribing it right now. And so the pharmacy should be able to see it soon. Hold on, that's the highest dose that they have for that.
Lisa’s iPhone: Even what her her medication. It took me three days to get it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Really
Dr. Belis Aladag: Walgreens is just not doing a good job.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, and a lot of family to go to your local pharmacy, because they'll, they'll take care of you. And they'll walk from you in mill make the phone call that they have for you because it's a it's a local pharmacy.
Lisa’s iPhone: And since I got them, you know, they call us all you're gonna do for Rico. We're going to refill it been different it been like, totally different.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. I think it's going to be better. Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: And did all the time. Sometimes if I have to order taking your medication, that's why. Just give me an update before the following the README file in your resource I can have everything ready. Okay. Okay, good. Perfect.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll do this. So we're sending the view trans patch 20 microgram
Dr. Belis Aladag: Film I said four of them. So that should be a whole month you know for week
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, and then I'm going to do the other one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you know, it's very difficult. We're going to do our best. You know I gotta be honest with you, I'm not a pain expert.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I use Suboxone mainly my patients are mainly addiction patients, you know, they've been using pain pills too much and whatever. Some of them had pain and that's how they started but
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, some of them just take pain pills for fun, you know, so, so my expertise is with addiction and this medication Suboxone. So that's kind of my expertise. So I'm trying
Dr. Belis Aladag: I will. I'm trying to utilize it to help you with the pain, the best I can. But I think we still need some input from from the rheumatologist to say because this is not necessarily helping inflammation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This helps
Lisa’s iPhone: But it's my man.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what I mean. And I wonder if she has something else for you that can help prevent inflammation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To help with the actual arthritis piece, you know,
Lisa’s iPhone: Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But so, but in the meantime I don't want you to be in pain. So I'm going to do this, and hopefully this will cover it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I still think. In the meantime, try do your best to reach this Dr chahal and say we need an appointment, a telephone appointment video appointment something because the inflammation is bad.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: I will call today and good
Lisa’s iPhone: Morning. What is what is Wednesday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then the Suboxone I'm going to order that too. And remember, we're increasing it by half of half a pill in the middle of the day. So it's 111
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we're going to do you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Pronounce buprenorphine. It's the eight milligram tablet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: Find
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anything else happening.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or is the main
Dr. Belis Aladag: Concern right now.
Lisa’s iPhone: This is only concern.
Lisa’s iPhone: Right now.
Lisa’s iPhone: I'm
Lisa’s iPhone: I'm bleeding.
Lisa’s iPhone: You're still doing including yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's the endometriosis piece.
Lisa’s iPhone: And now I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Still waiting
Dr. Belis Aladag: When you can get your MRI right
Lisa’s iPhone: But yeah, have to worry about these things to go away. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I say, do you want to meet back let's i'll give you. I'm wondering, I'll give you two weeks worth. Maybe I'm just wondering if I should see you again in a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just to check in and be like, How's your
Lisa’s iPhone: Getting chicken. The pain. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is that okay, and then
Is
Dr. Belis Aladag: I still will give you enough for two weeks.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doesn't matter to you if we do one week or two weeks or what
Lisa’s iPhone: Does photo photo pharmaceutical do two weeks, I want to go too much to the pharmacy. That'll be great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Well, we can see each other in the week that's like next week. That's not a problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's do that because I just want to know what's going on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: With you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm not comfortable with you, having this much pain, you know,
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just to check in and say okay this dose work. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're gonna
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gonna do the X 82460183 so the patches. They because they come in a box of four. Anyway, I think they don't want to break it up. So I said, For so it should help you. Hopefully the whole month but the pills. I'll give you 4242 would be for two weeks. If I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Saying, because we're doing three pills a day for 14 days would be 42
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then if we change.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The dose again next week, I'll, I'll add more whatever
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, thank you. That
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so sorry you're in pain. I wish I could do something about it. And maybe, maybe this change will help you
Lisa’s iPhone: You know, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then as you get that patch, put it on, put it on and then and then starting tomorrow you take your new did you take your noon dose already
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your middle of the day dose.
Lisa’s iPhone: No, no. I'd say gone on in the morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You take in the morning and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. And then now.
Lisa’s iPhone: Right.
Lisa’s iPhone: Right now it's it's one o'clock. She takes around three o'clock.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then when it. What about the last
Lisa’s iPhone: Last doses about
Lisa’s iPhone: 10 o'clock, nine o'clock.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so she takes the morning and
Dr. Belis Aladag: At night, yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, he's like, like in the morning show she she takes the before once on a seven, eight o'clock in the morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then she'll take a half at around two or three o'clock.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, and then she'll take a full on eight or nine
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, so now you haven't taken your half yet. So today, take a full
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't take half take full okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: So starting today you we've increased the deals to 111
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's see if that starts maybe helping a little bit and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then fill the prescription so that you have enough
Dr. Belis Aladag: To 397 hopefully they have it in stock or they can order it right away for you.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, he told me that the patches. He'll he has to automate. He doesn't he doesn't know how many was a. The thing is, is a milligram. So I didn't know either. But he has the pills in stone.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But remember Yours are just the buprenorphine. They just have you pronouncing if he has Suboxone which has an extra thing and it's still okay we could use it but
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know. For now, just stick to what you have. I ordered what you used to get the same same prescription same pills, except 42 of them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I ordered the patches. Okay. And the patches are the 20 micrograms.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh no, what did this do
Dr. Belis Aladag: deleted the 20 microgram patches. I may need to call the pharmacy directly
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to call them and just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sure that they got what I mean what I
Lisa’s iPhone: Finished with no
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. Okay, guys, I think.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Continue prescribing dual therapy. Yeah, you know, because it's the same buprenorphine it deleted my previous
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It deleted my previous prescription so that for some reason it deleted my patches.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm just going to call there and say, Look, I need the patches and I need the film i mean the the pill.
Dr. Belis Aladag: patch on dry skin per week and then there's for
Dr. Belis Aladag: Arthritis is this
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, validate
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, come on. Hopefully this will work now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I have the phone number. I read it to you. So that was correct, right.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anything else guys that we need to talk about or anything else.
Lisa’s iPhone: How you been with all this stay home and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thanks for asking. Off you know it's it's okay it's not toughest part for me the hardest part is the children because they don't have school they're very little one is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Three years old. The others four and a half.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Little boys and they're stuck in the house, and I'm not a teacher, you know, I don't know what they do all day.
Lisa’s iPhone: Give me to give it to me, does the baby.
Lisa’s iPhone: Like
Lisa’s iPhone: I know for my children.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I don't like you don't understand
Lisa’s iPhone: And it's nice ended, but the name
Lisa’s iPhone: You have the easy part. I have a 16 or 14 and 10 that want to be out on the streets with their friends at one of the loud and one of
Lisa’s iPhone: The girls and whatever.
Lisa’s iPhone: We gotta stay home.
Lisa’s iPhone: You guys harder that they believe
Dr. Belis Aladag: That my now might be harder. Now the
Lisa’s iPhone: Small
Lisa’s iPhone: Charlie have three boys and we have to peers for us and it's still not enough.
Lisa’s iPhone: I don't take turns. It's still not enough. And we have two of them.
Lisa’s iPhone: So, believe me enjoy the little ones.
Lisa’s iPhone: Enjoy them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I will. Okay, I'll keep that in mind, you know, forget, you know, other you think this is the worst of it, but no.
Lisa’s iPhone: No, no, no. Was it a small this is
Lisa’s iPhone: Your lucky.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, when is
Lisa’s iPhone: One day, we're gonna have to worry when they go with your friends when they go to the malls and your high as one get out god yeah don't don't don't do in the people want to my children want to go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They want to go out. Yeah. It's so hard for them, I'm sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't really understand the seriousness of it and you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anyway, hopefully we'll get through it quickly so you can get your test on you know your MRI and just this bleeding thing. It's just such a mess and
Dr. Belis Aladag: At least you know we're fortunate. You're otherwise healthy. We just need to control this pain and hopefully the bleeding isn't too heavy. So you're not losing too much blood, you should be eating green vegetables. Lots of spinach and things like that for the blood, you know,
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, she's a lifestyle. A lot of us a lot of asparagus, stuff like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, because I mean you if you're losing a lot of blood that's going to make you feel so tired, too.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Huh, yeah. Well, it's hard. I'm so sorry.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I'll see you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got another visit you want to do another visit in a week or so like Wednesday or Thursday.
Lisa’s iPhone: Just tell us. Can you tell the team there and call the virtual clinic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And say,
Lisa’s iPhone: And so we'll set up the same like same time every Wednesday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we can do that. Yeah, just say, can you set it up for the next few Wednesdays or whatever or just do next week and then we'll do it again and again.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, just to check in and
Lisa’s iPhone: also bring
Dr. Belis Aladag: That yeah medication and that it's okay. And right now I'm going to call this pharmacy and and make sure that they got the orders and then you say, Give me, give me 10 minutes and then you can call the pharmacy to
Lisa’s iPhone: That right, yes. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hold on. So why is this
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm glad I'm talking to you because I added this
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Needed your favorite and then I should have saved it saved. Okay. Okay, now I have
Dr. Belis Aladag: To own 95669956
Dr. Belis Aladag: Immediate for master. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And. Okay, so just call virtual clinic now book with me next week, Wednesday or Thursday, whatever, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: If there's any problems call you can call virtual clinic while you're in the pharmacy to and say hey virtual clinic people. Is there someone that can talk to the pharmacist and that you can facilitate that to instead of waiting
Dr. Belis Aladag: You call and you say, Danielle. So there's a woman by the name of Danielle Danielle works through virtual clinic. She helps talk to the pharmacist about the medication I order.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, I spoke to her last time we had the problem once
Lisa’s iPhone: Did you fix everything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: He did fix
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. So yeah, so you know that works so
Dr. Belis Aladag: If there's a problem. Always go through her, but I'm going to call now so that there is no problem.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anybody I will leave a voicemail. So if the pharmacist asked, you say, look, check your voicemail because she called to make sure you about the
Life.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, that's
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, thank you. Does
Lisa’s iPhone: He say
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you too.
Lisa’s iPhone: Bye bye. Thank you. Bye.